hi I get a uh I get a whopper on a on a
pretzel bun please I'm sorry you don't
have pretzel buns we have a problem
so apparently Burger King doesn't have a
pretzel bun I guess since they consider
themselves royalty the two goods for the
pretzel bun or maybe the console bones
too good for them nevertheless I'm going
to show you how to make your own pretzel
bun whopper flame-broiled inside it all
you're gonna need is one of these okay
to start off neatly arranged all of your
ingredients make sure they are in little
glass bowls because this will allow you
to be able to clean more dishes later
which I've heard is very therapeutic mix
one cup of warm water into a
medium-sized bowl and begin to add in
what we have neatly laid out
remember all recipe details are at
healthy junk food calm that's healthy
not to be confused with healthy
once we have mixed this up we'll start
slowly added in bread flour till your
dough is no longer sticky home go do
crazy you're always adding more flour
later like my Polly's to always say eat
flour stay healthy what the hell is
gluten once your dough is reached the
consistency desire start kneading the
dough in a violent manner to help I like
to picture my wife cheating on me now
after you've calmed down from creating
disturbing imagery we're going to grease
up our bowl and cover until our dough
has doubled in size
too bad that couldn't work with other
things next we're going to simmer our
softening agent submerge our buns 1
minute per side brush on some egg white
and then sprinkle on some crystal
methamphetamine or the technical term
salt now before we bake these we're
going to create our bun pattern by
slicing about a quarter of an inch into
the dough and gently opening up the
sides and bake these badboys at 425 for
about 20 minutes depending on your size
hmm look guys remember when you're gonna
go pick up Tomatoes make sure they look
just like these oh my god
look at these tomatoes they are huge
they're the penny they're just just as a
reference
in order to flame royal your burger you
must have your oven set to boil while
creating our special broiling grill
Mokpo ah yes
authentic flame broiled now boil your
burgers for no longer than two minutes
per side and make sure you have adequate
ventilation bottom pretzel bun mani is
completely optional leafy iceberg
lettuce really picked middle name for a
burger - red onion capital bond with the
okay-looking bun mark which could have
been better
mmm you got a flame-broiled be pay and
all not sesame seed bun possible son ha
press up up anyway a little close-up
closeup action on that look at the blood
stripping down ma yeah look
you gotta be able to yet again a partial
operable yeah